Update sf-sns-report README (#1240)
nasa/cumulus: tasks/sf-sns-report/README.md

Broadcast an incoming Cumulus message to SNS.  This lambda function works with Cumulus Message Adapter, and it can be used anywhere in a step function workflow to report granule and PDR status.

>  Note that the inital and final reporting of a granule/PDR status is now handled by Cumulus Core outside of the workflow process.  As of Cumulus > v1.14.2 use of this task to report start/stop status is deprecated as part of CUMULUS-1396.   This task should only be utilized if an update to status mid-workflow is desired.   See the CHANGELOG for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the initial and final reporting of an execution/granule/PDR status is now handled by Cumulus outside of the workflow process, so the use of this task to report start/stop status is deprecated. **This task should only be utilized if an update to status mid-workflow is desired. **
```
